hey guys this is trapped boy 14 and my
buddy Ryan we're out here checking the
trapline today a man for some Coon we
got some dog proof traps out you can see
one right there and I have another one
over here we're gonna continue checking
them cuz we have them scattered up here
just using a dry dog food and some stale
cereal nothing in that one nothing in
that one all right
oh there's one there's one nice we got
one all right yeah all right he's a
beauty got that nice fur on them
yeah most Dukes are great great traps
that's all I'm gonna say
we'll check one more that's empty anyway
we also have beavers back here too
this is the only other one we were gonna
check empty one coon and we still have
to check some Fox traps yet this morning
what hey there's one for the record
can't complain good job happy for you
see look it was gnawing at its arm no no
it's fine okay they look at you nice for
the picture like yeah they give you
those beady eyes like well I would you
kill me you gotta feel bad but you also
know that you can't see are these kind
of traps you know are you killing but
that's gonna be a painful death slow and
painful
all right well till next time this is
trapper boy 14 please rate subscribe and
comment thanks